Game <access student course progress>
Trigger: Admin navigates to Administration only database section of website
Main Success Scenario:
1. Website provides admin a list of schools from database
2. Admin can select to add/remove schools from the system
--or--
2. Admin selects a school system to manage
3. Website provides a list of classes within that school database
4. Admin can select to add/remove classes from the system
--or--
4. Admin selects a class to manage
5. Website provides a list of students within that classes database
6. Admind can manage student data, or add/remove them from classes



Social Aspects <approve, monitor, and restrict content>
Trigger: Admin recives a content report
Main Success Scenario:
1. Admin requests to view reported content
2. Website locates the reported content from database and displays
3. Admin requests that the content be removed
4. Website deletes the content page
5. Website notifies content reporter of the action taken
--or--
3. Admin requests that the content be restricted
4. Website prompts the admin for restriction terms
5. Admin provides the terms of the restirction (who can view, time limit)
6. Website applies the requested restrictions to the content
7. Website notifies content reporter of the action taken
--or--
3. Admin requests that the content be allowed
5. Website notifies content reporter of the action taken



User Maintenance <manage and remove accounts>
Trigger: Admin recieves a request to access an account
Success Scenario 1:
1. Admin receives notice an account owner needs assistance with their account
2. Admin requests to view the user's account details
3. Website locates and displays the account details from the database
4. Admin makes the requested changes
Success Scenario 2:
1. Admin receives notice an account is breaking site policies
2. Admin requests to view the suspected account's details and recent activity
3. Website locates and displays account details as well as a log of activity from the database
4. Admin requests the account's removal
5. Website removes the account's access and notifies them as well as the reporter

Exceptions
2:4a. Admin decides account is not breaking policies
  2:4a1. Website notifies the reporter of the review



Class Organization <monitor/remove schools>
Trigger: Admin navigates to Administrator only database section of website
Main Success Scenario:
1. Admin selects to see registered schools in database
2. Website locates and displays all schools registered
3. Admin can monitor select schools or choose to remove a school's registry with the site



Local Map <monitor/change advertised buisnesses>
Trigger: Admin navigates to the map section of the website
Main Success Scenario:
1. Webpage displays a listing of locations of schools and buisnessess within the database
2. Admin requests to view a locations details
3. Webpage searches that location's address and sends to google maps
4. Webpage displays on map the requested location
5. Admin can monitor, remove, or change the advertising status of the location
