User Maintenance 
Trigger: Student requests to make an account
Main Success Scenario:
1. Student requests to create a new account, selecting the Student account type
2. Website prompts student with registered school organizations
3. Student selects school they are enrolled in signs in through their student account portal
4. Website displays pricing plan for students, prompts for payment details
5. Student provides their payment details and purchases an account
6. Website confirms account creation and allows them access to the game and blog

Exceptions
3a. Student is not enrolled in any registered school:
  3a1. Website cancels account creation and informs student their school must be reigstered
5a. Student decides to use an integrated payment method (such as PayPal):
  5a1. Website utilizes that payment method's API to facilitate the transaction



Game
Trigger: Student logs in and brings them to game section of website (Should be the landing page for students)
Main Success Scenario:
1. Webpage grabs user data from database
2. Webpage loads the progress of the user correctly
3. Webpage displays the game

Exceptions
1a. Student has cookies on:
  1a1. Webpage uses cookies cache rather than database to load user data



Social Media
Trigger: Student beats a level of the game or logs onto blog portion of website
Main Success Scenario:
1. Student beats level and website prompts them to post on social media
2. Webpage posts generic social media post
--or--
1. Student accesses blog portion of website
2. Website grabs blog data that the user has access too
3. Website displays said data

Exceptions
1a. Student doesn't have social media linked to their account:
  1a1. Website prompts student to link social media accounts
2a. Student doesn't have any classes so there is no blog posts:
  2a1. prompts student to join a class



Map
Trigger: Student navigates to map section of the website
Main Success Scenario:
1. Student allows for the webpage to use their location
2. Webpage sends the location to google maps
3. Webpage requests the location of gyms and parks nearby user-provided location
4. Webpage displays a map with gym and park locations marked

Exceptions:
1a. Student denies location use:
  1a1. Webpage prompts for manual entry of location or zip code
  1a2. The student provides location information
2a. No gyms and parks nearby student location:
  2a1. Webpage informs the student no locations were found
