User Maintenance 
Trigger: Expert requests to make an account
Main Success Scenario:
1. Expert requests to create a new account, selecting the Expert account type
2. Website displays pricing plan for experts, prompts expert for payment details
3. Expert provides their payment details and purchases an account
4. Website prompts expert with registered school organizations
5. Expert selects school admins with whom they have permission to post in their blog
6. Website checks within the database if the expert indeed has permission.
7. Website confirms account creation with expert and allows them access to the blogs.

Exceptions
3a. Expert decides to use an integrated payment method (such as PayPal) 
  1a1. Website utilizes that payment method's API to facilitate the transaction
6a. Expert has not recieved permission from any schools
  6a1. Website confirms account creation, however expert has no blog access
  --or--
  6a1. Expert reaches out to the school admins they wish to work with
  6a2. Those school admins add the expert's credentials to their whitelist in the database
  6a3. Expert reselects the schools they have contacted
  6a4. Website confirms their credentials and allows them to access those school's blogs



Social Aspects
Trigger: Expert navigates to the blog section of the site
Main Success Scenario:
1. Website prompts them with a list of school's blogs they can access
2. Expert selects a school blog
3. Website displays blog pages and FAQs the expert has created, as well as blog creation tools

Exceptions
1a. Expert has no blog access
  1a1. Website prompts expert to gain contact schools to gain access to their blogs
  1a2. Website displays registered schools



Map
Trigger: Expert navigates to map section of 
Main Success Scenario:
1. Expert allows for the website to use their location.
2. Website sends the location to google maps.
3. Website prompts the expert to select local businesses they are affiliated with
4. Expert selects businesses
5. Website prompts expert with advertisement plans and pricings
6. Expert selects their desired plan and provides payment details
7. Website confirms payment and adds the expert's advertising plan to the database
8. The map database is primed to advertise that location to specifications

Exceptions:
1a. Expert denies location use:
  1a1. Webpage prompts for manual entry of location or zip code
  1a2. Expert provides location information
